Challenge setup for 2024-10-08 meetup (#410)
codeconnector/CodingDojo: challenges/2024-10-08-name-that-number/challenge.md

Reviewer: Do we usually include instructions for running the tests?

# Name That Number

> User experience! At least, that's what your project manage told you when they introduced this user story. "As a user, I need to be able to read all numbers displayed in the application as English words without needing to translate them myself." Seems like a bit of unnecessary hand-holding to you, but all you get to vote on is how many story points this feature will be worth. Oh well, at least it's a good opportunity to practice your TDD on company time. For this task, you'll need to write a function that takes in a six-digit number and returns it's string representation as English words. For example, `578119` becomes `"five hundred and seventy eight thousand one hundred and nineteen"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User experience! At least, that's what your project manager told you when they introduced this user story. "As a user, I need to be able to read all numbers displayed in the application as English words without needing to translate them myself." Seems like a bit of unnecessary hand-holding to you, but all you get to vote on is how many story points this feature will be worth. Oh well, at least it's a good opportunity to practice your TDD on company time. For this task, you'll need to write a function that takes in a six-digit number and returns its string representation as English words. For example, `578119` becomes `"five hundred and seventy eight thousand one hundred and nineteen"`.
```

## Business Rules/Errata

- The input will always contain exactly six digits, but it may include leading zeroes (such as `00149723`).
- The output will only contain words separated by spaces, no hyphens.
- The ten's or ten thousand's place may consist of two words (`34` as `"thirty four"`) or one word (`12` as `"twelve"`).
- Numbers with at least three digits will include the word "hundred", for example `450` as `"four hundred and fifty"`.

> - NUmbers with at least four digits will include the word "thousand", for example `2861` as `"two thousand eight hundred and sixty one"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Numbers with at least four digits will include the word "thousand", for example `2861` as `"two thousand eight hundred and sixty one"`.
```
